Cisco Vulnerability Management (apps) (#5239)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/cisco-vulnerability-management.md

---
id: cisco-vulnerability-management
title: Cisco Vulnerability Management
sidebar_label: Cisco Vulnerability Management
description: The Cisco Vulnerability Management app for Sumo Logic helps you monitor and manage software vulnerabilities.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cisco-amp.png')} alt="thumbnail icon" width="80"/>

> The Sumo Logic App for Cisco Vulnerability Management provides organizations with insights into your organization's security posture to help you monitor and manage the software vulnerabilities. It consolidates information on existing vulnerabilities within the network, assesses their risk levels, and tracks new vulnerabilities over time. The app helps users understand vulnerability severity, distribution, vendor risks, and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) identifiers. By collating data into a central repository and transforming it into comprehensive visualizations, the app enables security teams to prioritize remediation, ensure compliance, and strengthen defenses against breaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for Cisco Vulnerability Management provides insights into your organization's security posture to help you monitor and manage software vulnerabilities. It consolidates information on existing vulnerabilities within the network, assesses their risk levels, and tracks new vulnerabilities over time. This app helps you to understand vulnerability severity, distribution, vendor risks, and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) identifiers. 

The app enables security teams to prioritize remediation, ensure compliance, and strengthen defenses against breaches by collating data into a central repository and transforming it into comprehensive visualizations.
```

    "last_booted_at": null,
    "primary_locator": "url",
    "locator": "https://.vca.inside.org/",
    "vulnerabilities_count": 1,
    "status": "active",
    "last_seen_time": "2025-03-25T05:36:13Z",
    "network_ports": [],
    "tags": [
              "VCA"
            ],
    "owner": null,
    "inactive_at": "2025-04-09",
    "status_set_manually": true,
    "overage": false,
    "urls": {
              "vulnerabilities": "api.kennasecurity.com/assets/16724801/vulnerabilities"
            },
    "ip_address": null,
    "database": null,
    "hostname": null,
    "fqdn": null,
    "netbios": null,
    "application": "VCA - .vca.inside.org",
    "file": null,
    "mac_address": null,
    "ec2": null,
    "url": "https://.vca.inside.org/",
    "external_id": null,
    "image": null,
    "container": null,
    "ipv6": null,
    "risk_meter_score": 350,
    "asset_groups": [
                      {
                        "id": 7607,
                        "name": "All Assets"
                      },
                      {
                        "id": 227425,
                        "name": "pCA"
                      }
                    ]   
}
```
</details>

> ## Sample queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample queries
```

| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Assets with Higher Risk Meter Score` | This alert is triggered when assets are detected that have been assigned a high-risk score, indicating they are more vulnerable to security threats and may require prompt attention. | High | Count > 0 |
| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Critical Vulnerabilities Detected` | This alert is triggered when there is a presence of security weaknesses classified as critical due to their potential impact on the system. | High | Count > 0 |
| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - High-Risk Vulnerabilities Exceeds SLA` | This alert is triggered when significant security vulnerabilities are not addressed within the agreed-upon service level agreement time frame. | High | Count > 0 |
| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Actively Exploited Vulnerabilities Detected` | This alert is triggered when vulnerabilities are currently being targeted and exploited in the wild, indicating immediate action is required. | Critical | Count > 0 |

> | `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Remote Code Execution (RCE) Vulnerabilities Found` | This alert is triggered when vulnerabilities are detected that could potentially allow an attacker to run unauthorized code on the affected system from a remote location. | Critical | Count > 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Remote Code Execution (RCE) Vulnerabilities Found` | This alert is triggered when the detected vulnerabilities could potentially allow an attacker to run unauthorized code on the affected system from a remote location. | Critical | Count > 0 |
```

> | `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Malware-Exploitable Vulnerabilities Found` | This alert is triggered when vulnerabilities are detected that are known to be or could potentially be exploited by malware to harm the system or network. | High | Count > 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Malware-Exploitable Vulnerabilities Found` | This alert is triggered when the detected vulnerabilities are known to be or could potentially be exploited by malware to harm the system or network. | High | Count > 0 |
```

| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Top Priority Vulnerabilities` | This alert is triggered when most pressing vulnerabilities are detected that have been prioritized for immediate remediation actions. | High | Count > 0 |
| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - Vulnerabilities with High Risk Meter Score` | This alert is triggered when vulnerabilities are detected that score highly on the risk-meter, signifying a higher likelihood of threat exploitation and impact. | High | Count > 0 |

> | `Cisco Vulnerability Management - CVSS Score Exceeds Threshold` | This alert is triggered when vulnerabilities are detected that have a Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) rating that exceeds a specified severity threshold. | High | Count > 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Cisco Vulnerability Management - CVSS Score Exceeds Threshold` | This alert is triggered when the vulnerabilities detected have a Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) rating that exceeds a specified severity threshold. | High | Count > 0 |
```
